hey whats up guys its cares here and
today i have a new commentary and this
one is very very important to all of you
advanced warfare trick showers out there
i would definitely listen to this
because it appeals to you and it's
definitely for your safety especially if
you go for a lot of trick shots as of
right now so basically there has been
some huge rules implemented from
sledgehammer games the creators of
advanced warfare and these are actually
going to get a lot of people banned in
the upcoming weeks so you guys
definitely to avoid these things and i'm
actually getting to them in a second
here but basically these rules were
implemented by michel gondry and all of
such hammer and the reason why they were
implemented is because of reverse
booster so i'm sure live you guys know
who reversed boosters are the people who
kill themselves in game like 20 30 times
every single game just so they can get
into games with people who have a lower
skill level which basically is
completely taking advantage of the skill
based matchmaking system that's in
advanced warfare and it makes you get
some beast fucking game plays so a lot
of youtubers have been doing a lot of
people who just want to you know just
destroy in game they reverse boost all
the time and if you reverse boobs too
much now you're going to get banned but
what does this mean for trick shutters
well basically this does mean that trick
shatters will get banned if they go for
a lot of suicide chat so if you guys are
going for suicide shots often you have
the ability to get ben and actually a
ton of people have been getting banned
from this already which is fucking hard
oh i don't know why people are getting
banned for just doing something they
want to do incall do you should be able
to do whatever the fuck you want in the
game but i guess they're restricting you
on doing stuff and I don't know it's
it's fucking retarded but then a trick
shatter with the name of thb storms this
guy actually follows me on Twitter he
tweet at Michael Kandra who was the lead
developer for advanced warfare and he
says how will trick shredders be
affected by these bands coming for RB
since I myself go for suicide shots a
lot and guess what Michael condry ended
up replying the lead developer of
advanced warfare replies and he says
probably not well to be honest so holy
shit guys this means that if you go for
suicide shots in advanced warfare you
have the ability of getting been a lot
of you guys have already showed me that
you've gotten band and stuff like that
and it's fucking ridiculous they're
restricting how we can play this game
and I think that's so stupid like the
whole point of playing video games is to
be
do whatever the fuck you want and I have
to abide by rules but now we're just
setting these rules and stuff and it's
it's so dumb they really need to take
this out or they need to figure out
something else to get reverse boosters
out of this game maybe you guys should
just take out skill based matchmaking
because I think skill based matchmaking
is annoying as hell when it comes to
connections because I have shitty
connections all the time when I play
this game and I just can never get on a
good hose so I think you guys should
actually like put this on connection and
not on skill because I personally don't
have a problem with playing shitty
people are playing really good people it
doesn't really matter the only thing
that matters to me is connection and let
me hear you guys think in the comments
down below it's actually fucking
ridiculous how so many people being
banned from this already and phase Carl
actually ended up tweeting today my free
fro skills are in violation of the
posted security and enforcement policy
of advanced warfare and he posted a
picture of himself getting banned that's
fucking ridiculous man like phase Carl's
getting been I know this guy doesn't
hack I know this guy doesn't do anything
bad and most you guys have been tweeting
at me all day on Twitter and you guys
have been you know show me pictures of
yourself getting banned and stuff for
events warfare for no reason and I'm
sure you weren't hacking or anything so
I don't know it's pretty ridiculous I
also do think you can get banned as well
for going into glitch pots and stuff
they're actually taking the ban hammer
and you know just fucking banning people
out of nowhere for stuff like that which
I think's retarded as well so if you
guys are going for suicide shots if you
guys are going on glitch spots you have
the ability to get banned and you know
don't tell me you know I told you guys
so if you do get banned and I'm just
saying right now like it pisses me off
so much and I really do think we should
maybe get this video to Michael Conger
maybe get this video to sledgehammer I
don't know whatever you guys want to do
just tweeted Michael conjury telling him
to you know take out this whole rule
that they have now because it's really
fucking up trick shatters and to be
honest we can just go to another game
but I really do like advanced warfare I
don't have a problem with not playing
Vince warfare but I would definitely
like to play it I think it's a very very
fun game to play so let me hear what you
guys think in the comments down below
I'm always open to your thoughts and
stuff on how the hell we're going to fix
this because I think it's a really
stupid rule that implemented and I
understand it will fix the reverse
boosting to an extent but I just think
it's stupid in general I thing
it really fucks up especially if like
you want to just kill yourself in a game
you're not going able to anymore and I
don't know it just it kind of pisses me
off but leave like if you guys did enjoy
the video I'm sorry if I want a little
rant there but obviously this does get
me really annoyed and that's actually
going to be it so you guys can check out
the other two videos on the screen here
my previous video is pretty awesome i
talked about a ton of stuff i talked
about freaking iced joining phase which
is something i'm super happy about and
you can all show you my Misti video to
subscribe for new and I'll see you guys
later peace